docs: Add docs performance.md (#1569)
spidernet-io/spiderpool: docs/usage/performance.md

# Spiderpool Performance Testing

*[Spiderpool](https://github.com/spidernet-io/spiderpool) is a high-performance IPAM CNI plugin for underlay networks. This report will compare its performance with the mainstream underlay IPAM CNI plugins (such as  [Whereabouts](https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/whereabouts), [Kube-OVN](https://github.com/kubeovn/kube-ovn)) and the widely used overlay IPAM CNI plugin [calico-ipam](https://github.com/projectcalico/calico) under the "1000 Pod" scenario.*

## Background

Why do we need to do performance testing on the underlay IPAM CNI plugin?

1. The speed at which IPAM allocates IP addresses largely determines the speed of application publishing.
2. Underlay IPAM often becomes a performance bottleneck when a large-scale Kubernetes cluster recover from failures.

> 3. Under underlay network, private IPv4 addresses are limited. Within a limited range of IP addresses, concurrent creation of Pods can involve IP address preemption and conflict, and it is challenging to quickly adjust the limited IP address resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under underlay networks, private IPv4 addresses are limited. Within a limited range of IP addresses, concurrent creation of Pods might involve IP address preemption and conflict, and it is challenging to quickly adjust the limited IP address resources.
```
